docs: add info about React Native `AppState` and Supabase Auth (#20287)
supabase/supabase: apps/docs/pages/guides/getting-started/tutorials/with-expo-react-native.mdx

```tsx components/Auth.tsx
import React, { useState } from 'react'
import { Alert, StyleSheet, View, AppState } from 'react-native'
import { supabase } from '../lib/supabase'
import { Button, Input } from 'react-native-elements'

> // Tells Supabase Auth to continuously refresh the session in the background if
> // the app is focused. When this is added, you will continue to receive
> // `onAuthStateChange` events with the `TOKEN_REFRESHED` or `SIGNED_OUT` event
> // if the user's session is terminated. This should only be registered once.

Reviewer: The term `background` might confuse the reader as it's often used for mobile app life cycle. 
```suggestion
// Tells Supabase Auth to continuously refresh the session automatically if
// the app is in the foreground. When this is added, you will continue to receive
// `onAuthStateChange` events with the `TOKEN_REFRESHED` or `SIGNED_OUT` event
// if the user's session is terminated. This should only be registered once.
```

Also, not sure if the following line is adding any new information here. 

> When this is added, you will continue to receive`onAuthStateChange` events with the `TOKEN_REFRESHED` or `SIGNED_OUT` event
